
Introduction to North Korea:

	The country of North Korea occupies the northern part of the Korean peninsula. North korea covers about 55% of the peninsula's land areaand South Korea covers the rest. The two Koreas were long united as a single country, only to be split in the mid 20th century by the USA taking
control of the south, and the USSR taking control of the north, tearing this single country into two seperate countries pitted against eachother in a war that still has not come to an end. Due to the USSR putting in the communist dictatorship that is still in power today the people of North Korea are put through some of the worst living conditions possible, be it starving or just the fact there isnt enough money to go around to the people. 

Religion in North Korea:

	The communist government also very much so discourages religion. Regardless, many North Koreans still practice Chondogyo, a native Korean religion whose name means "Religion of the Heavenly Way." it combines elements of Confucianism, Buddhism, and Roman Cathloticism. It was founded in the mid 19th Century in opposition to foreign culutral influences. Shamanism was an important force before the introduction of Buddhism and Confucianism. Today, however, the pratice has mostly died out in North Korea.

Culture of North Korea:

	Korean culture is rooted in the ancient traditions of Shamanism, Buddhism, and Confucianism. Korea has historically been part of the Chinese cultural realm, though the chinese influence has been giving a distinctive Korean stamp. Western cultural ideas were introduced in Korea in the late 19th Century. Under communist rule, North Korea underwent a massive cultural upheaval. Since the 1950s every North Korean has been assigned to a unit outside the family, whether it be a school unit, military unit, or a work unit. The unit provides housing, medical care, and food. Usually a family lives in a home provided by the father's work unit. The unit controls most aspects of a persons life. Members must ask the unit for permission to travel, to see a doctor, or to purchase certain goods. They must also recieve the units approval before marrying. Most North Koreans have little free time. In addition to work or school, they are required to attend political study sessions and to perform volunteer labor for the government. Leisure and cultural activities are regimented and geared towards organized group activitiesm such as rallies and museum tours. All of these activities are done with the members of one's unit. A dominant force in the cuture of North Korea is the cult of Kim Il-Sung, the country's founding leader. Statues of Kim adorn all sorts of public places, and photographs hang in workplaces, schools, hospitalsm shops, and peoples homes. Schoolchildren memorize poems about him, adults quote from his writings. The government use the fine arts and cultural institutions to promot the Kim cult and promote communist ideas. All North Korean writers, artists, dancers, and musicians are assigned to governmental cultural institutions. Government-sponsored museums include the Korean Revolution Museum and the Korean Art Gallery in Pyongyang.

Education and Social welfare in North Korea:

	In North Korea Education is free and compulsory for 12 years beginning at the age of 5. The system includes one year of preschool, five years of primary shcool, and six years of secondary school Schools emphasize science and technology. Institutions of higher education offer progragms of two to six years in length. The most importance of these schools is Kim Il-Sung University in Pyongyang. A well-developed system of adult education includes technical schools in large industrial cities.

North Korea is a welfare state. Medical care is free, but there is a shortage of doctors, medical equipment, and medicine. Medical benefits are provided for workers who are temporarily or permanently disabled and women during pregnancy and childbirth. There are also old-age pensions.
